browser_tests/README.md, before:

# Playwright Testing for ComfyUI_frontend

This document outlines the setup and usage of Playwright for testing the ComfyUI_frontend project.

## WARNING

The browser tests will change the ComfyUI backend state, such as user settings and saved workflows.
If `TEST_COMFYUI_DIR` in `.env` isn't set to your `(Comfy Path)/ComfyUI` directory, these changes won't be automatically restored.

## Setup

Clone <https://github.com/Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_devtools> to your `custom_nodes` directory.
ComfyUI_devtools adds additional API endpoints and nodes to ComfyUI for browser testing.

Ensure you have Node.js v20 or later installed. Then, set up the Chromium test driver:

```bash
npx playwright install chromium --with-deps
```

## Running Tests

There are two ways to run the tests:

1. **Headless mode with report generation:**
   ```bash
   npx playwright test
   ```
   This runs all tests without a visible browser and generates a comprehensive test report.

2. **UI mode for interactive testing:**
   ```bash
   npx playwright test --ui
   ```
   This opens a user interface where you can select specific tests to run and inspect the test execution timeline.

   To run the same test multiple times in Playwright's UI mode, you must launch the main ComfyUI process with the `--multi-user` flag.

   ![Playwright UI Mode](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a1ebef0-90eb-4157-8694-f5ee94d03755)

## Screenshot Expectations

Due to variations in system font rendering, screenshot expectations are platform-specific. Please note:

- We maintain Linux screenshot expectations as our GitHub Action runner operates in a Linux environment.
- To set new test expectations:
  1. Create a pull request from a `Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend` branch.
  2. Add the `New Browser Test Expectation` tag to your pull request.
  3. This will trigger a GitHub action to update the screenshot expectations automatically.

> **Note:** If you're making a pull request from a forked repository, the GitHub action won't be able to commit updated screenshot expectations directly to your PR branch.

Commit message:

Clarify Playwright setup README and add note to .env_example

browser_tests/README.md, after:

# Playwright Testing for ComfyUI_frontend

This document outlines the setup and usage of Playwright for testing the ComfyUI_frontend project.

## WARNING

The browser tests will change the ComfyUI backend state, such as user settings and saved workflows.
If `TEST_COMFYUI_DIR` in `.env` isn't set to your `(Comfy Path)/ComfyUI` directory, these changes won't be automatically restored.

## Setup

### ComfyUI devtools
Clone <https://github.com/Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_devtools> to your `custom_nodes` directory.  
_ComfyUI_devtools adds additional API endpoints and nodes to ComfyUI for browser testing._

### Node.js & Playwright Prerequisites
Ensure you have Node.js v20 or later installed. Then, set up the Chromium test driver:
```bash
npx playwright install chromium --with-deps
```

### Environment Variables
Ensure the environment variables in `.env` are set correctly according to your setup. 

This `.env` file will not exist until you create it yourself.

A template with helpful information can be found at `.env_example`.

### Parallel Tests
By default, Playwright Test runs tests in parallel with several worker processes.

If you are running Playwright tests in parallel, the flag `--multi-user` must be added to the main ComfyUI process.

## Running Tests

There are two ways to run the tests:

1. **Headless mode with report generation:**
   ```bash
   npx playwright test
   ```
   This runs all tests without a visible browser and generates a comprehensive test report.

2. **UI mode for interactive testing:**
   ```bash
   npx playwright test --ui
   ```
   This opens a user interface where you can select specific tests to run and inspect the test execution timeline.

   ![Playwright UI Mode](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a1ebef0-90eb-4157-8694-f5ee94d03755)

## Screenshot Expectations

Due to variations in system font rendering, screenshot expectations are platform-specific. Please note:

- We maintain Linux screenshot expectations as our GitHub Action runner operates in a Linux environment.
- To set new test expectations:
  1. Create a pull request from a `Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend` branch.
  2. Add the `New Browser Test Expectation` tag to your pull request.
  3. This will trigger a GitHub action to update the screenshot expectations automatically.

> **Note:** If you're making a pull request from a forked repository, the GitHub action won't be able to commit updated screenshot expectations directly to your PR branch.
